(based on World's Hardest Game)
Instructions

Use the arrow keys to move the red square to the end zone. Collect the yellow coins while avoiding the blue balls to pass the level. Use speed and strategy to pass all the levels!
Tips and Tricks

The World’s Hardest Game speaks for itself, when we say it is the hardest game we aren’t kidding! If you have played World’s Hardest Game before, you know how difficult the game can be. You will need to be quick and decisive with your movements, and have a strategy going into each level. Lucky for you, we have some helpful tips and tricks that will help you whether you are experienced or a complete beginner.
Know the ins and outs of the level

Each level poses a new challenge in World’s Hardest Game. Some levels might require you to move quickly and react fast, and other levels require you to slow it down. Before you start each level take a second to look it over. This will help you save some time on pointless restarts that could’ve been avoided. See if you notice any spots on the map where blue balls don’t reach, these spots will be your safe spots on the map. You also should pay attention to how fast the blue balls are moving. Some might be moving fast, and others might be moving slower.
Use the checkpoints

We talked about finding areas on the map where blue balls don’t reach. This is a valuable strategy, but there are some levels that actually have designated checkpoints. These checkpoints allow you to restart at them once you die instead of having to start the level over from the beginning. Not only do they save your progress, but they also offer you a chance to catch your breath and figure out how to solve the next portion of the level.
Don’t give up

I know this one might sound too simple, but it is really important in World’s Hardest Game. There are some games out there that you can fly through without much struggle. World’s Hardest Game is not one of those games. It is very easy to find yourself stuck on a level, but you should not give up! If you find yourself stuck, try to have some fun and fight off the frustration.
